1.	Product Manager – Sanjib Nayak
Sanjib Nayak was assigned as the Product Manager for the Knowledge Management Tool prototype and was given the authority and responsibility to lead the agile delivery team

2.	Technical Architect – Chandra Mahadevan
Chandra Mahadevan is an expert on complex technology implementation and hence was made responsible for the end-to-end system architecture

3.	Interaction Designer/Usability Tester – Likhita Patra
Responsible for driving user experience throughout project lifecycle by conducting user research, analysis, persona development, and usability testing with due updates from users and team

4.	Content Strategist – Ishita Sinha
Responsible for creating meaningful content in collaboration with developers and interaction designer and participated in Agile software development scrum team

5.	Visual Designer – Daniel Shiah
Lead for all project design, resource planning and execution. Also responsible for ensuring compliance with the project management methodologies and processes

6.	Front End Web Developer – Shreelekha Baddam
Responsible for using modern web development tools (Angular JS in this case) and frameworks to create and deploy user interfaces in an agile environment

7.	Backend Web Developer – Mahboob Mulla
Responsible for the deployment of backend web applications, including all aspects of server-side processing, data storage, and integration with frontend development

8.	DevOps Engineer – Chandra Mahadevan
Responsible for building and maintaining tools for deployment, monitoring and operations and collaborating with our Project Management systems (GitHub and JIRA)

9.	Security Engineer – Ananya Nandi
Responsible for developing and implementing technical solutions to help mitigate security vulnerabilities and conducting security audits, risk analysis, and vulnerability testing 

10.	Delivery Manager – Allison Garcia
Assigned to work in close association with the Product Manager to define the roadmap and deliver the agile project via a multi-disciplinary, high-skilled digital team

11.	Agile Coach – Abhilash Kuzhikat
Responsible for embedding an agile culture using agile and lean methodologies and frameworks and periodically assessing the team culture to identify improvement areas and facilitating improvements

12.	Business Analyst – Arlene Mendibles 
Responsible for assessing decision-making factors such as strategic alignment, cost/benefit, and risk and analyzing the risks of this product approach and propose mitigation solutions
